History/Background:

"Once opon a time, in the continent Crucasia, there was a prosperus town called Canchen. 
The town Elder, Corwen, possesed a ancient wood Staff with a huge milky pearl held on top by swirling,
smooth branches that had mysterious runes carved on them that no-one, not even the most learned scholars,
could read. Because of this Staff, plauges that devastated the rest of the continent avoided Canchen,
any crops grown there never died, and Canchens people were healthy and happy.

But such wealth and its obvious source ( Corwen's Staff was well known ) could never pass unnoticed.
One day in the early spring, Canchen was attacked, not by an army, but a monstrus Roc! It was so large
that one of its talons was bigger than a house, and a hundred men could have stood on its back if it had let them.
Its wingbeats destroyed crops and houses alike, and, during the confusion caused by the swirling clouds of
dust generated, it almost casually snached the Staff from Corwen's hands, sending him flying onto the
sharp-edged debris of a crushed villa.

Once the dust settled, the only thing the people of the town could find were wreckage, 
devastation... and Corwen's Staffless corpse

The suvivors, with the wealth that Canchen had accumulated over the years, immediatly purchased enough
of the best weopons, armor, and horses they could find to outfit ten of the town's mightiest warriors. The 
warriors's names were; Canto, Caldi, Cerchen, Cestrel, Ci, Ciden, Convolt, Colko, Culden, and finally
eight-foot-tall Recorent, who had been appointed leader of the party. A month after the attack,the heroes set off.

They never returned.


20 years later...
    
The once glorius town of Canchen is now a small, poor village. Where the beutiful houses and villas once stood,
there are tiny mud huts. Where there used to be shining acres of golden wheat there are a few stalks of badly
blighted grain among copius weeds, brambles, and stinging nettles. The people are sick, miserable, and nearly dead.
Only a few people were not affected; Corwen's descendants! And that is why, one day, Corwen's grandson,______, set off
on a epic journey. He decided that HE would be the one...to bring back Corwen's staff!


And so the story starts. YOU are Corwen's grandson and YOU are going to save the village!

The player will quickly find one of the 10 heros. He tells this story: 

The 10 heroes did find the Roc, but when they attempted to challenge it and steal back the Staff,
they were defeated. 5 were killed, 5 managed to escape. 
While they were there, they found a fragment of an ancient tome, with a drawing that looked very
similar to the runes on the staff. Afterwards, they deciphered enough to realize that the Staff
could be used as a weapon of incredible power. Since that time, they have been scouring the
continent for the rest of this tome, in the hope that with the knowledge it contains, they might
be able to defeat the Roc. 

Each sets a task for the player to prove themselves before they will offer up stuff. 

Task 1: Retrieve a fragment of the Tome from a gorrila. He will then give you his fragment
Task 2: Defeat a troublesome lioness. He will then give you his fragment
Task 3: Retrive a stolen fragment from a centaur.
Task 4: Collect 500 gold(or the equivalent of 500 gold). He will then give you a breastplate and
his fragment
Task 5: Defeat him in single combat. He will then give you explosives, a map thruogh the moutains
and his fragment
Fragments to get: 6. Explosives can be used to help defeat the Roc as a diverson 
Questions: 
  Where does the player start?
  Where are they supposed to go?
  
Outline: 
Main objective: 
  Find the Roc and return with the Staff

Quests: 
  Find a guide through the mountains
  
  
